Hi, this is Scott. I
really appreciate our sponsors because
they make the show possible.
Today's show is sponsored by
Tellerik create compelling app experiences
across any screen with the
Tellerik platform Telerx end to
end platform. Uniquely combines industry
leading UI tools with cloud
services to simplify the entire
app development cycle Tellerik offers
everything.net developers need to build
quality apps faster. Try it
free at tellerik.com/platform that's tellerik.com/platform
from Hanselman it's dot com.
It's Hansel minutes, a weekly
discussion with web developer and
technologist Scott Hanselman. This is
Lawrence Ryan announcing the show number
four 91. In this episode,
Scott talks with cat small
from SoundCloud about being a
designer and a front end
developer. Hi, this is Scott
Hanselman. This is another episode
of Hansel minutes. And today
we're talking with cat small,
she's a product designer and
a developer. How are you?
I'm great. How are you?
Fantastic. Thanks for coming on
the show today. You, you
are actually do so many
different things. You do product
design, you do UX, you
do front end development, you
speak at conferences and you
also do a lot of
prototyping. And you think about
how prototyping and UX design
fits into the larger product
life cycle. Yeah, I it's.
I find it so interesting.
Just so my background is
I'm a bit of a
design and programming, and I've
always been curious throughout the
years as I've become more
on the design side, in
terms of user experience about
like how can code kind
of fit into these things?
Where can we, how can
designers think about the experience
in a way that involves
code and, and how can
programming really kind of enhanced
the prototyping phase of, Yeah,
I've tried design prototyping where
I literally just took a
three by five series of
cards and tried to make
a fake, you know, a
fake phone and like handed
it to a user and
like, pretend this is a
phone swipe. Like you would
swipe and just throw the
top card off, you know,
it doesn't quite work. And
then you see those, there's
like balsamic where you get
to scribble and stuff. What
do you think about those
interactive make, make a fake
app design tools? I think
they're all incredibly useful. So
I've also experimented with other
kinds of prototyping tools. I've
definitely done some paper prototyping
kinds of things. I've messed
with envision. I've messed with
Acture, a couple of others,
but I've always just found
it, I guess, because I've
been spoiled code in a
way. It just doesn't often
come close enough to the
actual experience of, of seeing
what it's like in that
context, being able to control
things and really make them
feel close to what they'd
be like in the actual
experience. I will say that
there are some really good
ones that are getting very
close, such as a framer
JS, which uses coffee script
or Java script. That's of
course still code, but it's
not nearly as in depth
as certain other things would
be with coding, but that's
been really interesting to see
happen. I think the good
thing is that there's so
many tools and that the
nice thing about that is
that everyone's got an option,
but I still think that
nothing comes close to the
actual experience of seeing what
it's like on the phone
or on the computer, and
really feeling that seamless experience
that you get with code.
Why do you think that
there are so many products
and companies and things that
are trying to keep developed
designers and UX people from
just coding? Like the one
that you liked the most,
you just said, well, I'd
use this coffee script, right?
Which for you as a
developer, isn't a big deal,
but for someone else that
might be a huge barrier,
but why don't we just
make them learn how to
code? Totally. Unfortunately not everyone
is really amenable to the
idea of programming or they
might've tried it and they
just hated it, which is
totally a valid, completely valid
experience. And I think there
is space for everyone. It's
just, it's kind of unfortunate
because there's something better when
you can actually program, but
it's also not just that
it's also that you have
that literacy in a way
and you can actually communicate
better with people. I think
some people are just not
used to it. And so
they're kind of a little
afraid. Some people might be
scared for their jobs because
like, if we have designers
who can code and what's
the point of a front
end developer, other people just
feel kind of threatened or
like they have to compete.
So I definitely understand why
some people might not want
to, to have designers who
code, but I think it's,
it does have its benefits
for sure. And I definitely
encourage anyone who is interested
in designing. Like they should
definitely learn about programming for
whatever device they're going to
be designing for. And I
also encourage developers to learn
about design because like one,
when we have more people
kind of blending, I think
there's a really interesting thing
that happens there. Yeah. You
bring up a really interesting
point though, that it's going
to end up on the
phone eventually, like, let, let
us as designers not forget
that, like it's really great
to do crazy stuff and
illustrator or Photoshop then only
to be told later by
the developer that that's not
possible. If you're a developer
though, you would know that.
Totally. Yeah. And so one
of the things I also
really encourage people to do
if they're not going to
learn to code is to
at try to communicate as
often as possible. But I
definitely think that when designers
learn how to code, they
learned the limitations of whatever
they're working with and they
learn the capabilities of what
they're working with. They learn
how exactly to communicate with
people who are going to
be building it out. And
so there's, there's just like
wonderful benefits. There's so many
of them it's, it's like
hard to name all of
them, but then you also
start thinking in a different
way, you think earlier about
animations and interactivity and those
kinds of things. And so
instead of sticking to something
that feels really static in
a way you end up
with something that feels more
fluid and natural, I think,
And if you're familiar with
the way animations should look
on Android versus iOS and
how the, for lack of
a better word, the idiomatic
UX style of that particular
platform, as opposed to what
we often see, which is
like an app from, I
don't know, a unnamed company
that looks like a named
company's app on every platform,
as opposed to looking like
it's comfortable within the material
design or it's comfortable within
iOS design. Totally. Yeah. I
mean, that's the other wonderful
part and I've actually started
learning a bit of Android
development for that reason because
I wanted to understand what
are Android components? How does
Android specifically work? And the
other thing I try to
do is actually use a
product from each operating system.
So I do have windows
on my Mac. I have,
I don't have a windows
phone yet, but I do
want to get one or
a windows tablet to get
that experience. I also have
an iPad. I have an
Android phone and I just
really try to make sure
I am familiar with all
of these things, because again,
it goes back to being
able to communicate properly about
it and understanding what makes
each operating system special. The
same thing applies to coding
when you understand why programming
is important and what it
does and how you can
use it, you have this
understanding that other people just
unfortunately don't have. And it
becomes another strength in your
toolkit Backing up a little
bit. You touched on a
really interesting point, which was
potentially management could say, Oh,
well, the dev designer can
code. Therefore we don't need
a front end developer as
if, you know, first as
if people are interchangeable like
that. Right. Yeah. It's so
sad. Oh, so that's the
thing is I think, I
think there's space for, for
everyone to, to kind of
exist in the environment. I
think that the good thing
about being at sound cloud
is that there is space
for someone like me. Who's
more of a hybrid. And
the thing that I've been
able to do is code
a prototype up to a
certain point. And I'm still
definitely working on figuring out
what is the best time
to start doing that kind
of thing. But it's really
been great to kind of
just be able to prototype
something, test it on enough,
people modify the prototype and
then do some screenshots or
some kind of thing to
communicate with the front end
engineers and the back end
engineers and say, this is
what we're going to build.
And then I just, just
being able to give that
to them, for them to,
in a lot of cases,
just copy and paste code
from has been really amazing
and interesting to experiment with.
Well, that's interesting. So I
was right with, I was
right with you. I was
like nodding and nodding, and
then you said, copy and
paste code from, and then
that got me asking myself,
well, wait a second. When
you express this, when you
express this design in the
code, are you saying it
should look like this developer?
Or are you saying it
should be this and developer?
Are you expressing intent with
code or are you getting
them started? Are you jump-starting
their project by giving them
code that they can, like
you said, copy paste from
Ideally somewhere in the middle.
That's the hope is that.
And again, I'm still trying
to, like every time I
work on a new project,
I'm trying to figure out
exactly where, where this happens
and how it happens. And
I, I've also worked with
different people who kind of
have different preferences. Some people
I've prototyped things, and they've
just been like, well, why
aren't you just building this,
like in the repository, just
go do that. And that's
been really interesting and really
great because I love, you
know, getting to just ship
production stuff. Like that's really
cool, but some people are
also a little bit more
protective of their environment or
like the repository that we're
actually shipping stuff on. So
in those cases it's better
to, in their case, like
copy paste or perhaps they
just are coding in a
different way. And they kind
of have like certain preferences
around how they're building things.
And so it really kinda
depends, but I think in
most cases, in most cases,
we're definitely starting to communicate
more. This is the exact
intent, this is how it's
just kind of take it
from here and the rest.
I mean, like you don't
have as much to do,
but it's really about refining
it and making sure that
it's production ready instead You're,
you're describing though, it seems
like you're being very polite
about it though, that people's
egos sometimes get in the
way of UX versus dev
and some want a bright
line and some are like,
Oh great. You know, cat
wrote 40% of that. I'll
just keep going in the
direction she was going. Totally.
I think it is funny
to watch those kinds of
dynamics happen. I love working
with people who are really
flexible, but that isn't always
the case, unfortunately. And a
lot of people are still
kind of afraid or they're
just, they think that development
is done in one way.
And that's not always the
case. It's been interesting because
I've been looking into different
methodologies and different ways of
thinking. Like there's been a
really interesting movement called balanced
team, and that's been really
cool because it's people who
are all hybrids and grow
a really flexible balance balanced
or balanced team, balanced team.
Yeah. They're really, really interesting.
And they're all about the
idea of hybrid designers, developers,
researchers, managers, like all of
that kind of stuff. And
I think it's really interesting
because I think as time
goes on, people are becoming
definitely more flexible, but I
also totally understand the fear
that some people have, because
again, some people might be
afraid that they could lose
their job because who needs
a front end developer when
there's a UX designer or
product designer who can code.
But I think again, there's
space for all of these
people because the more hands
you have on deck, the
more you can do. And
it's just so helpful to
have someone whose main focus
is, is really about refining
and producing this code rather
than kind of like prototyping
this thing, getting into the,
to the best in terms
of the experience that the
person's in to see, and
then kind of like going
off to the next thing
really. And I also think
that I tend to be
a bit, I get to
finish something and then I
want to go to the
next thing. I don't want
to really spend that much
time refining it until I've
had space from it. And
then I want to come
back later and see, what
can we do next to
really make this even better?
One thing that you said,
you've said now twice separately
in two different parts of
our conversation today is the
concept of being afraid that
you might lose your job.
And I, I, I'm glad
that you say that. I
love that you said that
because I have felt that
way also. And I've felt
like I also relate back
and forth between, well, should
I be a deep expert
on this thing? Or should
I be a Swiss army
knife and be kind of
good at a bunch of
little things. And I keep
hearing people use this term
full stack developer, except I
feel that they're using it
in the wrong way because
they're implying that they are
literally awesome at everything as
opposed to being generalists. And
I'm curious where you, what
do you think about that?
Totally. So I often advise
people to do the whole
T-shaped thing where it's like
they have like broad experience
and then they're really deep
in something like they have
really deep experience in like
one or a couple of
things. I definitely would consider
myself to be a generalist.
I think it's really about
personal preference because some people
are just naturally, they just
don't like doing a bunch
of different things. They want
to focus on one thing
and just go with that.
And I think there should
be space for those kinds
of people and they should
feel comfortable because again, like
a person who's a generalist
often needs to feel like
satisfied by doing a bunch
of different things. So there'll
be hopping back and forth
between something. And while they're
hopping back and forth between
doing different things, you've got
a person who's specializing, who's
working on the things that
the generalist kind of hopped
between. And so I think
there's like this natural kind
of rhythm that can be
created by having both kinds
of people. And I think
it sounds, I thought we've
done a pretty good job
with that by, you know,
asking people, are you interested
in like working across different
platforms or do you just
kind of want to work
on one thing? And I
think we're pretty open to
both of those kinds of
people, because they're, again, just
so important to have and
think it's also kind of
like another kind of diversity
working style diversity. Yeah. I
think you're right. I think
also it needs to be
said at some level, either
the team leader level or
at the company culture level,
that it's okay to have
picked one style because I
I'm afraid sometimes I have
been doing this for 20
years and there have been
times when I'll, let me
give you an example, I'll
work with someone who's a
performance tuning person and they'll
take my code and they'll
make it 10 X faster.
Right. And they're like, Hey,
look, we made a 10
X factor and they're totally
cool about it. But then
in my mind, I'm like,
wow, my code sucked 10
times worse than it does
now. I really should be
better at that. But then
I realized that as you
said, this is a great
analogy. Is there a T
shaped person where they go
deep, deep, deep into perf?
And then I feel guilty.
I feel like an imposter
that I did not know
how to do that, but
you have to accept that
you can't know all of
that stuff deeply. Can you?
Yeah. I mean, I feel,
I actually feel like that
all the time, just because,
you know, like when you're
doing so much stuff, sometimes
you don't have the time
or the ability to really
focus down on one thing
as much as you might
like to. But yeah. I
mean, I think it comes
down to, again, like just
having, being in a workplace
where people can comfort you
and give you that comfort
that, you know, just because
you're like focusing on programming
something and then researching something
and then designing the experience
and then doing all these
other things that you can
still, like, there is still
a place for you there.
And the more that we
have companies that do that
and stop relying completely on
one type of person or
the other type of person,
I think that'll be really
helpful in the future in
terms of like making sure
that people don't feel like
they need to compete with
each other or that they
need to do something that
just really doesn't jive well
with the way they personally
work. And do you think
it also has to do
with the size of the
project? Like you've worked on
small projects on the side
and open source and things
and you know, you and
three or four people in
20,000 lines of code is
one thing, but then you
want a team with 50
to 100 people and a
million lines of code is
a whole other universe and
how you interact and how
you work on those things.
Yeah. That's been the most
interesting part of being at
sound cloud, I think is
just figuring out, like, how
can I contribute to code
and how can I still
do design work and how
can I be a generalist
in here? Like we have
our UX research team, we've
got product designers, we have
a marketing team, we have
front end developers and back
end developers. Everyone's been really
supportive, but that's because the
culture and the environment has
been created and cultivated around
that kind of supportive feeling.
But yeah, I mean, it's,
it's definitely really interesting to
see, like when you get
to, you know, 200 million users,
how can you still have
generalists working on things? Because
again, it goes back to
that performance factor need to
have this code ready to
work for millions of people.
So I've definitely been looking
into exactly how do people
write code at SoundCloud because
there is a specific style.
And I think that's one
of the interesting things that
you can do is when
your company gets large enough,
you need to have a
style guide for these kinds
of things. You need to
make sure that your documentation
is well written. All of
these things really help to
enable not only generalists, but
people who want to eventually
be specialists in, in whatever
they're working on at your
company. I think all of
those things are really helpful
for both kinds of people.
When you are dealing with
a product that's going to
touch that many people like
Sydney, you know, millions and
millions, tens of millions, hundreds
of millions of people. How
do you have ever have
a sense of analysis paralysis
where it's like, I want
this animation to work like
this, but then when you
find that, well, 25% of
our users have crappy video
cards or what they like.
And you just, you, you
can imagine, right. That the
decision tree goes so far.
Where does that, where do
those things get figured out?
Do you suss them out
or does it animation experts
test them out or can
you figure them out in
production? It's a complicated process
for sure. I think what
we usually end up doing
is a lot of times
we'll look at analytics. So
we have a lot of
insights and analytics at SoundCloud,
and we really focus a
lot on it because we
want to understand what our
capabilities are. So a lot
of the times what will
help me make decisions in
terms of, can we do
this thing? Can we animate
this thing? Can we use
this component? Can we use
Flexbox for example, it's really
about how well supported is
it and how many people
are using something that supports
it. So that's been a
really interesting set of conversations
that we've had. I do
end up doing a lot
of contributing to decision making
regarding those things. It involves
a lot of facilitating conversations
between people. And I actually
find that to be very
interesting as well, because I
don't know, there's something fun
about kind of just talking
to someone and being like,
Oh, you know, can we
do this cool new thing?
And you know, they'll say
like, Oh, okay, how many
people can actually see this
cool new thing that we
want to do? Oh, only
like 8%. Maybe we should
do it, you know, in
like a year or so,
like put it on the
backlog for now. We'll think
about doing it later, or
we'll try to find a
workaround to make it work
now, but it is really
about how many people can
see those kinds of things,
analytics, you know, past data
in terms of usage, all
those kinds of things, and
then the technical capability. So
I really that's the also
the really interesting part of,
of being in technology and
user experience design is just
trying to see what are
the cool new things that
we could be doing. And
then like how, how much
can we actually do right
now? Doesn't it seem like
though the web is starting
to kind of the beginning
of this hockey stick where,
you know, internet Explorer is
going to die. Everything is
going to be evergreen. Suddenly
Safari is holding the web
back, but for people that
are on evergreen browsers that
are updating every 20 minutes,
maybe it's less than a
year before you can do
that crazy thing. Maybe it'll
be a couple of months.
Like, it seems like there's,
there's nontechnical parent who never
upgrades and then there's everyone
else. Yeah. I mean, it's
so interesting. Just the fact
that you said Safari's like
the one holding people back
now that always kind of
blows my mind because before
they were kind of like
the new thing, but yeah,
I think I'm, I'm really
excited. Yeah, totally. It's, it's
so sad, but that is,
it's pretty much what's going
to happen. I think, unless
they really continue to, you
know, up their browser game.
I think that it's, that's
really an interesting point. Like
that's, it totally is the
future. I'm, I'm so happy
that automated updates everything now,
just because it really enables
people to experiment way faster.
Like how long it took
us to wait for, you
know, six and seven and
eight to actually go away.
That was years, decades, some
cases like 10 years plus
it's, I'm just so happy
that we're at this point
now where, you know, Flexbox
came in and I was
able to start messing with
it pretty immediately because WebKit,
I supported by so many
browsers and then the rest
of them had already started
implementing it. Yeah. I think
that I, I hope that
the web continues to, to
enable us to do things
faster and faster. And I'm
so happy. I'm just so
excited. Have you had any
situations where these automatic upgrades
have been automatically breaking stuff
where you just wake up
one day and you're like,
Oh, well this whole section
of our site's broken now.
Thanks Chrome. Or whatever Definitely
happened with Chrome before. We've
yeah. So there have been
some cases where gladly, a
lot of browsers will have
like a beta version where
they'll implement these things for
like the overnight updates. And
then some, a lot of
people don't have those versions.
They've got the ones that
update like maybe once a
month or so. So we'll
have advanced warning and then
we'll try to implement fixes
beforehand. But yeah, there definitely
have been cases where it's
like, ah, this is going
to happen soon. Ah, it's
happening now? Like they've implemented
the monthly update and we're
screwed and we need to
fix this right now. But
you know, it's just a
part of the ever changing
world and keeping up with
things. Yeah. Yeah. I've just
upgraded this laptop to, to
windows 10. And there's a
white list internally for enterprises
that says these websites will
never change. They're old and
they suck and we know
it. So when you visit
those websites with edge, edge
says, sorry, this is the
expense reporting system sucks. You
have to use internet Explorer.
So internet Explorer is like
frozen and Amber like Jurassic
park. Right. It'll never change.
So it seems like, like
we were talking before that
there's nontechnical parent who is
stuck and then there's the
evergreen people. Like the enterprise
people are stuck, right. They're
going to keep using crappy
that they wrote 10 years
ago and everyone else is
going to use a fresh
new browser. That's kind of
interesting the way you put
it. It kind of feels
like a two class system
of the internet, which is
interesting dystopian feeling. Yeah. I
mean, it's interesting because I
used to actually work at,
at a part of the
government I'm specifically doing web
design for them. And that
was a really interesting experience
because even though this was
in 2008, you know, getting
Photoshop was really hard and
getting everything I needed, like
Dreamweaver, which was okay to
use at the time. And
I had to use XP
for windows. It was, it
was really a different experience
from what I was used
to. I was used to
using a Mac and I
was used to having everything
pretty easily available to me.
But it was a prime
example of like what that
experience is probably still like
for a lot of people.
Yeah. I mean, it's, it's
a very complicated thing to
think about. And I wonder
like how can we really
make that transition better for
people and faster for people,
My wife on her laptop,
she uses Chrome and she's
going to school at these
colleges. And you would think
that you spend all this
money on a college, you
would have really great, awesome
software. It is like surfing
the web in like 1997.
She is installing old versions
of Firefox because her professor
is saying like, if you
want to use Blackboard or
whatever, stupid collaboration app, that's
not something basic like Skype,
like GoTo meeting, old ass
version, Santa swore in my
old pet podcast. That was
bad. Yeah. If you're using
like these old collaboration softwares
that you have to use
specific versions of her. So
I might I'm like, why
do you have Chrome? I
E Firefox and edge all
open? Oh, well I've learned,
and this is not my
not, my wife is not
technical. I've learned that these
sites want these browsers that's
way more than anyone should
ever have to suffer. That's
unacceptable. Totally. Yeah. I mean,
I remember that was a
really big thing that people
would do. And I guess
they were still trying to
do when they don't want
to rebuild their sites is
that they'll throw up a,
this site is optimized for
Firefox kind of thing. And
it's like, optimized Air quotes,
optimized. How does that even
happen? Why don't they just
say it? Like, they literally
say optimized for this horrible
old version of this browser.
This site is old. We
will never upgrade this site.
We are sorry. We have
no money going and go
browse with Safari. Yeah. Maybe
that'd be a better way
of putting it. And then
maybe they can have like
a sign up form and
like a donation form. And
then they'll have a new
website in like two years
and it'll be great. I
never had to cut users
off completely with just the,
sorry. You're now that you're
the 1% and not the
good 1% that have lots
of money. You're the 1%
that have ISX. You're done.
Goodbye. Come back later. Yeah.
We've had to do that
at SoundCloud. Actually we had
a version switch from what
is called classic to the
new version of the site.
And some people were incredibly
attached to the old version.
So we kept it around
for a bit and we
had the ability to turn
on the new version. But
then we just had to
say, it's just, unfortunately not
worth the amount of maintenance
that we're putting in. We
just really need to just
switch everyone over. We're turning
it off at this point.
Sorry. All of you, like,
we love you, but like
we can't. Well, who is
all of you though? Is
it like, sorry, both of
you too. Sorry. All 15
of you. Like, you're great.
I mean, it was a
fairly, like a lot of
people definitely were really attached
to that version and we
tried our hardest to support
it, but there is just
a point at which you're
spending more time supporting an
older version of something then
working on improving the site
and working on new versions
of it. And sometimes you
just have to let it
go after a bit. Yeah.
It's also difficult from a
designer's perspective that do you
let it be ugly? Like
it's totally functional. It just
doesn't look right. Because web
fonts are because SVGs, like
my blog doesn't look right
on old Android devices, but
I don't block them. I
mean, I should probably shame
them. I should probably pop
up a banner and just
tell them that they're bad
people, but you don't. Yeah.
I mean, I think, yeah,
you just kind of let
that, you just let them
go. It's a sad way
to say it, but yeah.
You know, I mean, if
you're, if a person refuses
for some reason to, to
update to something new, you
there's, you just can't support
them forever. It's just, unfortunately
not really the way evolution
works. They, yeah, I went
there. It's true though. Right?
I mean, do they deserve
a nice looking web? I
mean, if they can, there's
the other thing too, is
about like affordability of things.
I mean, in terms of
school, a lot of the
time they can't really afford
to, to upgrade to these
new things and same with
the city government. Like I
totally understood why they were
so cost efficient and really
asking why do you need
this thing? Why do you
need this thing? And it's
because they have to spend
so much money and, and
really for a lot of
people, technology just, isn't very
affordable in terms of keeping
up with everyone else. And
especially with our two year,
actually now it's like a
one year phone cycle or
even a six month cycle
for like new technology. In
some cases it's very intense
On that. That's a really
good point. And I, I,
you know, you could see
where you and I were
going, but I think we
both pulled back for a
second there when we realized
that it should not be
about economics, right. You should
be able to have a
free evergreen web, but this
also brings up that point.
Like you have some old,
but totally functional software. Why
should you have to update
it to use something fancy?
It works like that. It
works. So it's a little
bit unfortunate that some of
the evergreen browsers don't have
a compatibility mode to just
say, Hey, Chrome, 58. Can
you just be Chrome 34
for just a minute? Yeah,
that would be beautiful. I
mean, I know there's the
concept of graceful degradation and
that's been, I love that.
That has been kind of
a methodology that a lot
of people have taken, like
how some browsers don't support
quarter radius, blah, blah, blah.
But they still look acceptable
and they still function acceptably.
Yeah. I think it like,
ideally that would definitely be
a mode where a website
would just automatically transition when
like it reads the head
or something of the site.
And it says like, Oh,
this is good for Firefox
this version, Safari, this version,
et cetera, et cetera. I
think that would definitely help
to solve a lot of
problems in certain cases, especially
since we've got so many
testing sites where it's like,
Oh, this is how it
looks across. Well, how do
you fix these problems when
you encounter? Yeah. If you
could, if the, if the
site could carry along with
it, an explanation of these
other features that I need,
and I know some of
them are old, but please
don't take these features away.
Cool. Well, thanks so much
for chatting with me today.
This has been super fun.
Of course. Thank you so
much. So people can check
you out at cat, small.com
and learn about, and also
I want to real quick,
quickly, you made a video
game, you made a couple
of video games. Can we
play these online or can
we buy them in an
app store? Yes. So you
can play some of my
free games on my website,
cat, small.com and prism shell
has also been released on
iOS, Android, windows, and Mac.
And you can go to
prism, shell.com to learn more
about that. Very cool. We'll
put both prism, shell and
links to the apps in
the app store and your
website in the show notes.
Awesome. This has been another
episode of Hanselminutes and we'll
see you again next week.
.